User defined value types (#11806)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/value-types.rst

.. note::
    Enums can also be declared on the file level, outside of contract or library definitions.

.. index:: ! user defined value type, custom type

.. _userDefinedValueTypes:

User Defined Value Types
------------------------

A user defined value type allows creating a zero cost abstraction over a value type. This is similar
to an alias, but with stricter type requirements.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe insert:

A user-defined value type is defined using ``type C is V``, where `C` is the name of the newly introduced type and `V` has to be a built-in value type.

For a custom type ``C``, defined by ``type C is V;`` where ``V`` is the underlying value type, the
following type requirements apply:

> - Implicit conversions of ``C`` are only allowed with ``C``.

Reviewer: I would not list this, since it is not really a conversion

> - Explicit conversions of ``C`` are only allowed with itself and the underlying type, i.e., ``C``

Reviewer: Same here

  and ``V`` respectively.

> - The type ``C`` does not have any operators or bound member functions. In particular, the operator
>   ``==`` is disallowed. One can use operators or bound member functions by explicitly converting it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The type ``C`` does not have any operators or bound member functions. In particular, even the operator
  ``==`` is not defined. One can use operators or bound member functions by explicitly converting it
```

  to the underlying type.

> The following example demonstrates a custom type ``MyAddress`` which is an abstraction over the

Reviewer: Shouldn't we use an example that also shows the usefulness of this concept?

.. note::
    Enums can also be declared on the file level, outside of contract or library definitions.

.. index:: ! user defined value type, custom type

.. _user-defined-value-types:

> User Defined Value Types

Reviewer: Is it "user defined" or "user-defined"?
